modify walkthrough (#64)
marton-balazs-kovacs/tenzing: inst/app/www/introduction.Rmd

---

#### 1. Create your contributors table

> * Follow the link in the app, copy the contributors table googlesheet template in your Google Drive _File -> Make a copy_

Reviewer: This page is already on the how to use tenzing tab of the app. So I am not sure that I understand the follow the link in that app part.

Author: ```suggestion
* Follow the link in the first tab of the app, copy the contributors table googlesheet template in your Google Drive _File -> Make a copy_
```

Author: that would be better ?

> * Follow the link in the app, copy the contributors table googlesheet template in your Google Drive _File -> Make a copy_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy the [contributors table googlesheet template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Gl0cwqN_nTsdFH9yhSvi9NypBfDCEhViGq4A3MnBrG8/edit?usp=sharing) in your Google Drive _File -> Make a copy_
```

What about this?
